Javascript math Object:
Using the Math Object
The JavaScript Math object provides a number of useful properties and methods for performing mathematical 
tasks like, generating random numbers, rounding numbers, obtaining values such as PI and performing 
calculation, and so on. It also includes methods for performing mathematical task that are normally 
impossible or too complex to perform using standard mathematical operators (+, -,*, and /) such as calculating
sine oThe Math.PI Property

The Math.PI property represents the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter. PI (π) is a 
mathematical constant, which is approximately 3.14159: Math.PI = π ≈ 3.14159

Getting the Absolute Value
The Math.abs() method is used to calculate the absolute (positive) value of a number. Therefore, -1 is returned 
as 1, -5 as 5, and so on. 

Calculating the Square Root of a Number

The Math.sqrt() method is used to calculate the square root of a number: Math.sqrt(x) = x
If the number is negative, NaN is returned

Rounding Numbers
The JavaScript Math object provides few methods to round numbers, each one has its own purpose. The following 
section will describe these methods in detials.

The round() Method:
The Math.round() method rounds a number to the nearest integer in such a way that if the decimal part is .5 or 
greater, number is rounded up, otherwise rounded down. So, 3.5 becomes 4, -5.7 becomes -6, 4.49 becomes 4, and 
on.

The ceil() Method
The Math.ceil() method rounds a number up to the next highest integer. So, 3.5 becomes 4, -5.7 becomes -5 
(because -5 is greater than -6).

The floor() Method
The Math.floor() method rounds a number down to the next lowest integer. So, 3.5 becomes 3, -5.7 becomes -6 
(because -6 is lesser than -5).

Generating a Random Number
The Math.random() method is used to generate a floating-point random number in the range from 0 inclusive up 
to but not including 1. However, if you want a random integer between zero and an integer higher than one,
should use this method inside Math.floor().

Raising Numbers to a Power
The Math.pow() method is used to raise a number to a specified power.

The expression Math.pow(x, y)—equivalent to mathmatically xy—shows how many times the base x is multiplied by 
the exponent y.

Finding the Largest and Smallest Numbers
The Math.max() and Math.min() methods is used to find which number is the largest or smallest in a group of 
numbers, respectively.
